Set Game
    - A remake by Rys Huehnergarth and Kian Weimer

How to run the game:
    1 - Download Python version 3.7 (or greater)
        This site has detailed instructions on how to do this:
            https://realpython.com/installing-python/
    2 - Download our Set game ZIP file:
        You can access it here: https://github.com/kian-weimer/Set/archive/master.zip
        Find the file in your file browser and unzip/extract its contents
        Once the file is unzipped, enter the unzipped folder and click through until you see a
            file named main or main.py (This is the same directory as the README if reading this after downloading)
        Copy the path to this directory e.x.: C:\Users\kianw\Downloads\Set-master\Set-master
    3 - Open a Command Prompt (Windows) or Terminal (Mac) Window
        Run these commands:
            -- 'cd C:\copied\path\to\game\directory'
            -- 'python main.py'
    The game menu should now be open!!


Gameplay/Rules:
    This section describes the actual rules of the game, and not how to interact with the menu/buttons.
        To learn how to interact with the menu, view the 'Start Game' portion of the
            'Navigating the game menus' section below.
    The goal of this game is to get as many 'sets' as possible.
    The board is made up of twelve cards, each with its own properties.
    There are four properties to each card:
        1 - Color: The color of the card (Red, Green, Blue)
        2 - Shape: The shape of the object on the card (Diamond, Circle, Rectangle)
        3 - Fill: The shapes inner pattern (Clear, Shaded, Solid)
        4 - Count: The number of shapes on the card (one, two, three)
    A 'set' is defined to be a group of three cards where for each property, all the cards are disjoint or matching.
    Here are a few examples:
        Set1: All blue, all diamonds, all solid fill, counts are 1 & 2 & 3
        Set2: All red, shapes are diamond & circle & rectangle, all shaded fill, counts are 1 & 2 & 3
        Set3: Colors are red & green & blue, all rectangles, all clear fill, all counts 2
        Here is an example of a non-set:
        Non-set1: colors are red & blue & green, shapes are diamond & circle & diamond,
                    all solid fill, counts are 1 & 2 & 2
                -- This is not a set because two cards are the same shape (diamond) and two have the same count (2)

    Once the game is started, the player must select three cards on the board which they deem to be a set.
    They must then press the 'Set!' button to verify that the selected set is valid.
        If less than three cards are selected, a message is displayed and the player is allowed to reselect.
        If three cards are selected and they are a valid set, the player's score will be increased by one and the selected
            cards will be replaced with new ones.
        If three cards are selected and they are not a valid set, the player's score will decrease by 1 (with a minimum
            score of zero) and the cards will be deselected, but remain on the board, and the player will be
               allowed to try again.
    While the game is in motion, there is guaranteed to be at least one set on the board (see next line).
    If there are no sets present on the board, the game will end (since Solitaire is being played) and scores will be tabulated.
    There are 81 cards in a deck. If the end of the deck is reached, but there are still valid sets on the board,
        Cards will begin to be swapped with empty spaces until, ultimately, no sets remain and the game ends.


Navigating the game menus:
    The first screen to pop up will be the menu.
    You will see three central buttons, 'Start Game', 'High Scores', and 'How to Play',
        along with a settings gear in the top right corner.

    Start Game:
        This section only contains information on how to interact with this menu and not on the actual rules of the game.
            To learn the rules of the game, view the 'Gameplay/Rules' section above.
        After opening this menu you will be presented with twelve intractable cards.
        You may click on the cards to select/unselect them.
            *Note: no more than three cards may be selected at one time.
        You may view your score in the bottom right corner of the screen.
            *Note: High scores cannot be achieved while cheats are enabled.
        The 'Set!' button in the bottom center of the screen allows you to check if the
            currently selected cards actually make up a 'set'.
        The game will end when the user quits/exits or when no more sets are present on the board.
        An end game menu will pop up at this time.
        If the player qualifies to be on the leader board, they will have the option to submit a 3 character name.
        You may quit out of this menu at any time through one of three ways.
            1 - The back button, located in the top left corner of the screen, will immediately
                    return you to the main menu and all game progress will be lost.
            2 - The Quit button will end the game. An end game message will appear, the users score will be displayed,
                    and the user will have the option to submit a 3 character name if they qualify for the leader board.
                    The user may then press the quit/submit button on the bottom center of the screen to exit the game.
            3 - The entire game window can be closed at any time by clicking the 'x' button at the top of the screen.

    High Scores:
        This menu contains a list of the top ten high scores.
        Press the back button in the top left corner to return to the main menu.

    How to Play:
        Contains a brief reminder of how to play the game and shows two example 'sets'.
        This README file contains a much more detailed description of the game.
        Press the back button in the top left corner to return to the main menu.

    Settings:
        This is a pop up menu in the top right corner that can be opened from all areas of
            the game except for the 'How to Play' menu.
        This menu contains two settings for toggling audio and cheats.
        The audio button will disable/enable all game audio when pressed.
        The cheats button will disable/enable game cheats when pressed.
            Game cheats will highlight an available set which can be helpful to learn how to play the game.
               *Note: High scores cannot be achieved while cheats are enabled.

